feat: Docs for GA React Native Performance (#2998)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/performance/included-instrumentation.mdx

description: "Learn what transactions are captured after tracing is enabled."
---

<Alert level="Info" title="Minimum Version">

> To use Automatic instrumentation, you will need at least version 2.2.0 of the Sentry React Native SDK.

Reviewer: I'd recommend moving this to the include on the set up page `src/includes/performance/enable-tracing/react-native.mdx` similar to what we've done for the other SDKs. It's a more natural to discuss version when you're setting up than when you're learning about what we've included :)  

```suggestion
To use our included instrumentation, you will need at least version 2.2.0 of the Sentry React Native SDK.
```

## Configuration Options

> You can pass many different options to the `ReactNativeTracing` integration (as an object of the form `{optionName: value}`), but it comes with reasonable defaults out of the box. For all possible options, see [ReactNativeTracingOptions](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/211ec081b6bf8d7d29541afe9d800040f61e3c4e/src/js/tracing/reactnativetracing.ts#L23).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can pass many different options to the `ReactNativeTracing` integration (as an object of the form `{optionName: value}`), but it comes with sensible defaults out of the box. For all possible options, see [ReactNativeTracingOptions](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/211ec081b6bf8d7d29541afe9d800040f61e3c4e/src/js/tracing/reactnativetracing.ts#L23).
```

### beforeNavigate

> You can use `beforeNavigate` to modify the transaction from routing instrumentation before the transaction is created. If you chose to not send the transaction, you can set `sampled = false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `beforeNavigate` to modify the transaction from routing instrumentation before the transaction is created. If you prefer not sending the transaction, set `sampled = false`.
```

    </NavigationContainer>
  );
};

// Class Component Example
class App extends React.Component {
  // Create a ref for the navigation container
  navigation = React.createRef();

  componentDidMount() {
    // Register the navigation container with the instrumentation
    routingInstrumentation.registerNavigationContainer(navigation);
  }

  render() {
    return (
      // Connect the ref to the navigation container
      <NavigationContainer ref={this.navigation}>
        ...
      </NavigationContainer>
    )
  }
}
```

### React Navigation V4

Note that this routing instrumentation will create a transaction on every route change including `goBack` navigations.

> ```javascript

Reviewer 3: does this improve something? I see both patterns everywhere

Author: Yes, on the code block previews it'll say Javascript instead of Js
<img width="192" alt="Screen Shot 2021-02-03 at 3 42 39 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30991498/106720784-7446db80-6636-11eb-94d2-ed6df10e9fa1.png">

#### Custom Instrumentation

> To create a custom routing instrumentation, look at how the `RoutingInstrumentation` class [is implemented](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/routingInstrumentation.ts). If you need an example of how to implement routing instrumentation, review the code of the existing official instrumentation such as [the one for React Navigation V4](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/reactnavigationv4.ts)

Reviewer 3: please use a pinned link with the hash, so if we ever rename the file or move around, it wont break the link

#### Custom Instrumentation

> To create a custom routing instrumentation, you should look at how the `RoutingInstrumentation` class [is implemented](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/routingInstrumentation.ts). If you need an example of how to implement routing instrumentation, you should look at the code of the existing official instrumentation such as [the one for React Navigation V4](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/reactnavigationv4.ts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a custom routing instrumentation, look at how the `RoutingInstrumentation` class [is implemented](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/routingInstrumentation.ts). If you need an example of how to implement routing instrumentation, review the code of the existing official instrumentation such as [the one for React Navigation V4](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/blob/master/src/js/tracing/reactnavigationv4.ts)
```
